README.md, before:


<h1 align="center">
<br>
  <a href="https://github.com/leonardomso/react-bolt"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/GpQk5wG.png" alt="React Bolt" width=128"></a>
<br>
<br>
React Bolt
</h1>

<p align="center">The best boilerplate for your React projects.</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://makeapullrequest.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square" alt="PRs Welcome">
  </a>
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat-square" alt="License MIT">
  </a>
</p>

<hr />

## Introduction

This boilerplate contains all you need to start your next React.js project. Simple, robust, well-organized, all you need to do is clone, install and you're ready to start.

I wrote a article for anyone who wants to learn how to build this boilerplate, if you want to learn just click [here](linksoon).

## Features

This boilerplate features all the latest tools and practices in the industry.

- ⚛ **React** — 16.7.0-alpha.0 with Hooks
- ♻ **Redux** — State Management
- 🛠 **Babel** — ES6 syntax, Airbnb & React/Recommended config
- 🚀 **Webpack**  — Hot Reloading, Code Splitting, Optimized Build
- 💅 **CSS** — Styled Components
- ✅  **Tests** — Jest, React Testing Library & Cypress
- 💖  **Lint** — ESlint
- 🐶  **Husky** — Prevent bad commits

## Getting started

1. Clone this repo using `https://github.com/leonardomso/react-bolt.git`
2. Move to the appropriate directory: `cd react-bolt`.<br />
3. Run `yarn` or `npm install` to install dependencies.<br />
4. Run `npm start` to see the example app at `http://localhost:8080`.

## Commands

- `npm start` - start the dev server
- `npm run build` - create a production ready build in `dist` folder
- `npm run lint` - execute an eslint check
- `npm run lint:fix` - execute an eslint and fix the errors
- `npm test` - run all tests
- `npm run test:watch` - run all tests in watch mode
- `npm run test:cover` - coverage mode
- `npm run cypress:open` - starts cypress

## Next features:

- [ ] **Hot Module Replacement**: Better HMR support;
- [ ] **CSS/Sass support**: Enable CSS/Sass support;
- [ ] **PWA**: Turn into a PWA boilerplate;
- [ ] **SEO**: SEO-ready;

## License

MIT license, Copyright (c) 2018 Leonardo Maldonado.

Commit message:

Updated README.md file to have information about redux-thunk

README.md, after:


<h1 align="center">
<br>
  <a href="https://github.com/leonardomso/react-bolt"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/GpQk5wG.png" alt="React Bolt" width=128"></a>
<br>
<br>
React Bolt
</h1>

<p align="center">The best boilerplate for your React projects.</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://makeapullrequest.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square" alt="PRs Welcome">
  </a>
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat-square" alt="License MIT">
  </a>
</p>

<hr />

## Introduction

This boilerplate contains all you need to start your next React.js project. Simple, robust, well-organized, all you need to do is clone, install and you're ready to start.

I wrote a article for anyone who wants to learn how to build this boilerplate, if you want to learn just click [here](linksoon).

## Features

This boilerplate features all the latest tools and practices in the industry.

- ⚛ **React** — 16.7.0-alpha.0 with Hooks
- ♻ **Redux with redux-thunk** — State Management with middleware to handle async requests
- 🛠 **Babel** — ES6 syntax, Airbnb & React/Recommended config
- 🚀 **Webpack**  — Hot Reloading, Code Splitting, Optimized Build
- 💅 **CSS** — Styled Components
- ✅  **Tests** — Jest, React Testing Library & Cypress
- 💖  **Lint** — ESlint
- 🐶  **Husky** — Prevent bad commits

## Getting started

1. Clone this repo using `https://github.com/leonardomso/react-bolt.git`
2. Move to the appropriate directory: `cd react-bolt`.<br />
3. Run `yarn` or `npm install` to install dependencies.<br />
4. Run `npm start` to see the example app at `http://localhost:8080`.

## Commands

- `npm start` - start the dev server
- `npm run build` - create a production ready build in `dist` folder
- `npm run lint` - execute an eslint check
- `npm run lint:fix` - execute an eslint and fix the errors
- `npm test` - run all tests
- `npm run test:watch` - run all tests in watch mode
- `npm run test:cover` - coverage mode
- `npm run cypress:open` - starts cypress

## Next features:

- [ ] **Hot Module Replacement**: Better HMR support;
- [ ] **CSS/Sass support**: Enable CSS/Sass support;
- [ ] **PWA**: Turn into a PWA boilerplate;
- [ ] **SEO**: SEO-ready;

## License

MIT license, Copyright (c) 2018 Leonardo Maldonado.
